LOAD-2894: Create fake commands to receive emails (#9)
loadero/loadero-py-testui-commands: README.md

page. To see the differences between local and Loadero environment, you can
compare the descriptions in the wiki to the differences mentioned in this README.

| Command                      | Differences                                                                                                                                   |
| ---------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `ignore_alert`               | No differences                                                                                                                                |

> | `receive_email`              | By default an empty array will be returned, but `emails.json` file can be saved in the working directory which will contain all of the emails |

Reviewer: should be later in the table

> | `gen_email`                  | Full email or only first part can be provided, if only the first part is provided than `@mailinator` is appended                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gen_email`                  | Full email or only first part can be provided, if only the first part is provided then `@mailinator.com` is appended                          |
```

| `set_file`                   | Any local file can be used, Loadero constant can be used if the same file name is used                                                        |
| `set_request_header`         | No request header will be set                                                                                                                 |
| `set_user_agent`             | User agent won't be changed                                                                                                                   |
| `time_execution`             | Execution time will be logged, but not saved                                                                                                  |
| `update_network`             | Network settings will not be updated                                                                                                          |
| `wait_for_download_finished` | Function will finish instantly and not wait for download to be finished                                                                       |

> The `emails.json` file should be located in the directory from which you will be running the tests and should have the following structure:

Reviewer: doesn't seem that this line is wrapped at 80 chars; might add a note (similar as for NW) that file can be created mid-test to simulate delay in receiving the message
